4 3
no wonder the money has been the head coach at the
law enforcement
at the beginning of 2007 he also feels the hare of departing tenants
as a player, the midfielder came out for clubs like Haarlem has English effect
un roda jc and fc groningen and worked as an assistant at ado and roda
atteveld tells how he prepares his team for a competition
yes if normally preparing is what you are first
look back to the owner the last game you own
played and then especially looks at your own children what is a good thing there
gone
and what went less well the design could be improved
They will go over mid-week and look at the coming opponent
the competition lasted
jogg city waiting
watching the first part from that moment watching what
the opponent has what we are with
in possession of the ball, residents knew of the opponent doing what in the
switching moments as they call it in the field of football
and that last piece is actually euro had to get our country piece one
bit the red cross has how can we our the quality has the best
utilize in the match with the upcoming opponent
well who always goes as far as possible from your own strength from only you can
never implement in your own battle plan if not count to
the opponent
so you tried neutralizing what the power of the opponent was
and that you are prepared for or calculated that you will not be surprised
actually the whole
happen how you look at an opponent after you are not surprised
but also an opponent trains again the next week to the last
against and will have worked on their
Lesser things owners and restrictions they are good at we have improved
so they too can give us 2 surprises for some how you come
tries to make it as clear as possible for the players what kind of quality they have
his house yes compared to our qualities where then maybe now
the problems and where can we get for our profit
it became a larger part
just look at what you have in house and
and cannot yet use agent
of course the vulture in advance we get the lineup from the opponent
then you look or 6
will play formation that I once had in mind
and in the a few more things that you go through with the players of my course one
he therefore stays with him on one of the charging points
and it finally organized for the first time we try
such a good feeling measurement data preference to be interpreted
and then forward as feeling good have a lot of confidence outside
sometimes gone wanting to live up to techniques with young players
who should be able to get something
the rest is just a kind that they trust in myself
they are never in the team for nothing that means that you have the qualities
I believe we have it
and that trying to transfer it back to head you play
yes we have a number of strong holders in the team for two years with two Jan postma
this one of marcel meeuwis is the trigger
in tactics
and they sit a bit not decision making we are natural
euros the technical staff end up properly taking that decision or themselves
but it is nice for us to know what the players think and
for them it is nice that you give them the feeling that they can think along and
that they are one of them
an important pawn
in the preparations I have the best that you have to do a lot of rituals
player actually the groningen that i
enter with niklaas as the man who is the players home
but sandwich with peanut butter and sprinkles packed and the botanical match
two parts will be wrong
cup of coffee and that was actually the only one who wanted to return
feyenoord and mvv actually not
and as a trainer and ex
as a player was always known as a physical who regularly made a cheese
grabbed
as a coach stands remarkably calm along the sidelines
well that is greeted because you I notice that if you are there as the seventh
we jump that players pay more attention to you than to the field
as a coach and it is trying that you had to achieve so that
you must also try at a number of moments and no, sister is trying like that
You try to convey JANSMA, she also tries to get rid of disappointment
get lifting
but then it must also remain but have the function and
beforehand it had more the function for myself that I come to the menu cicruit
then that it is a function for the players out and now again I am that far in it
that had more to the players of az
from here you can experience the competition nowadays you have a roof over their heads
so that's nice
rotterdam there is a lot of experience in the netherlands
and
can have a good overview
yes you are now very different then you often experience rossi playing
stuff
I found for myself that I still wash quite a lot to live in
in the opponent
and you take as a player trainer you are busy with the whole team and that is a bigger one
whole
we can no longer be responsible councilor is also logical of course
an ever more extensive one has become
but you must be careful that your door does not
she was completely filled with information
he also needs a piece
because so yasmine being intuition is purely about preparing them